I feel better answering questions in job interviews than what I was when I first started. I feel like they helped me more than test and quizzes because the assessments makes you think and you also have it on your computer so you can look back at it to refresh your memory and when I finish a test or quiz I forget it all the next day because then there is usually another test or quiz to study a couple days later.

A tool that I think will be the most beneficial to me is prettier because it can help me with my code formatting. prettier helps people with their formatting for code they write and it doesn't need much work to put in on different repos that you have. Prettier is important because it helps people who are new to coding and are not good at formatting their code. Prettier helps you read your code more easily without spending a lot of your time trying to fix your code to make it more readable.

The waterfall methodology was used in the tic tac toe game by following the requirements in order. You had to create the tic tac toe grid before you do anything else because you need to see the grid to know what is happening to it. The agile methodology was used in the tic tac toe game by testing the game to see what works and if something didn't work then you would go back to the code and try to fix it. If something was wrong with the x's and o's and they were not showing up on the tic tac toe grid then you would go back into your code and try to fix it then go back to the website where your tic tac toe game is and see if you fixed the issue. 
