I think the hardest part developing a project in a larger team will be not having people work on the same code and reading people's code that is different from yours. It's going to be hard because everyone has different ways for working on code and if it's way different from yours you will have a little trouble finding out how to fix that piece of code if it's broken. Another thing that might be hard is when you and another person make commits and one person can't push it because the other one pushed theirs first.

A branch lets you work on things you want to add on the main branch without breaking any code on the main. When you have a default branch you can create a new branch to work on any bugs that were in your project or change something to make it look better. It also allows you to fix code that is not working. Remote branches are a pointer to the origin's branch. When you have a new branch you can push it to the origin and can look at it when you try to look at all the branches you have on the terminal.

The git workflows that I employed was feature branching, forking and centralized. forking was used for getting a person's work or a project to put in on our computer. Feature branching was used for creating another branch to work on the code on someone main branch so that the main branch doesn't have more broken code and when you get something fixed you can push that fixed code and have that person merge your fixed code to their code that was not working. Centralized was used for putting code in the same branch instead of making another branch to work on the code and then commit and push when you're done with the code you worked on.
