My favorite CSS property so far is background-color. It's my favorite because you can use it to change the color of the website or an element. The background is the size of the element with the padding and border you put on the element. The property values of background-color are color, transparent, initial and inherit. Color for background-color is the colors you put with an element or the website. Transparent is the transparency of the background-color, it is set to default so the background-color is not transparent. initial sets a property in CSS to a default value. Inherit is when the child element gets the same values as the parent element like if the parent element's color is set to blue the child element will also be set to the color blue.

Some CSS selectors to use to style the menu options to show that some foods are spicy, vegetarian or gluten-free are the class attribute and the id tag. You could use the .class to give a food that is spicy a name then in the css you could change the color of that food to red to show that it is a spicy food or green to show that the food is vegetarian. The class attribute lets you select many elements to change them so you can change all the spicy food to red then create a new class tag to select all the vegetarian food. You could also use the #id to do the same thing as the .class did but it selects one element at a time. 

The difference between cascade, inheritance, and specificity is cascade applies styles to an element based on what rules are applied. Cascade is used to work with the browser and is used to link to your html so you can change how the elements in your html looks in your browser. Inheritance is the child element getting the same style to it and the parent element. If you have a parent element set to the color red and then tell the child to inherit from the parent then the child will have the same color as the parent element. Specificity is when there are two rules that go to the same element and then the browser picks the one that is more specific than the other. You can use specificity to only use one CSS rule to point to an element in CSS.
