Building other platform specific user interfaces can take a long time because you have to create the website or app on many devices and some devices are bigger than others so you have to put the width or height of something and you have to size it so it can be seen or read by people who are using it. You also have to put different fonts on a text because some people might not have the same font as someone else.

When using media queries for menus you would set the width for the menu to look different if it was on a phone or if someone resized the web page. You would use @media screen and then put max width of how many pixels you want to change how it looks on smaller screens and then below it put the class name for the menu like .nav if you named it that and put a because the menu is full of links. @media screen and (max-width: 400px) { .nav a {float: none; width: 50%;}}. Another one you could use is columns. it does the same thing as the menu but instead of changing how the menu would look it changes the columns. you would put the same thing in your css as you did with the menu but you would change .nav a with .column or whatever you put that class name to and get rid of the a because they are not links.

It's better to use breakpoints for specific content on your site because there are a lot of devices that have different sizes. When web developers were using standard device sizes they had to change it many times because of computer phones that were bigger or smaller than others and phones having portrait mode and wristwatches. If you use breakpoint for content then you won't have to keep changing the breakpoints for devices and the website will look the same for different devices but the content will be positioned differently on a smaller screen than it would on a bigger screen.
