It's important for HTML to be an open standard so companies can't censor the internet. If HTML was owned by one company or person they could do whatever they want and if someone wanted to do something on HTML that company or person could senser anyone. 

HTML tags are used to start and end an HTML element. Tags are what get the element on a web page if you want to look at what it looks like. Tags look like this <p></p>. They are a block of text that are separated by blank lines. Tags are not case sensitive so you can put eaither a <p> tag or <P> tag and it will still work the same. HTML elements are the text and the tags so the words you write will be seen on a web page. Elements look like this <p>hello world</p>. If you just have the tags then nothing will show up on the web page because you need it with the text. There are also empty elements where they don't need an ending tag to work. One example is a break. if you try to put a <br> opening tag with a </br> closing tage it will not work. 

Syntax is related to the HTML we write because you need structure so you know what you are putting in. If you don't have structure in your HTML it will be difficult to find a mistake you made in the code. If you get the syntax wrong, HTML will still try to read it and make it work. It will also be hard to read for you and someone who is trying to read it because it is not structured well. Semantics is related to the HTML we write because if you write the semantics wrong it will not work. 
