I will look at sites that updates and tells you when a tool is not used anymore and when there is a new tool that you can use. You can look on MDN and they tell you what tools are not used and other tools that are new and still need to be worked on. You could also use drafts.csswg.org to look at tools that have been worked on and updated. It tells you what tool has been worked on and what day/year it has been last updated to make it better to use.

Floating everything on a web site can cause problems when you make your browser different sizes. If you widen your screen it will make some elements go to the top of your browser and push others down, then some of those elements will cross with the edges of other elements that are a little taller. Floats are not meant for you to use them for layout. They are used to put an element to a side in the web site.

flex-direction affects main and cross. For flex direction you can use row, roe-reverse, column and column-reverse. row puts your elements in a row. Column does the same thing as row but puts them in a column. Row-reverse flips the first and last elements and puts them horizontally. column-reverse does the same thing but puts the elements vertically. If you have a list of things to do like homework, clean room and sleep then put flex-direction in your css and put row after then it will show up like this in your website homework clean room sleep. But if you put row-reverse then it shows up like this: sleep clean room homework. When you type row-reverse, then justify-content and flex-end it goes to the left side instead of the right because the first element changed spots with the last element so the left side is the end and the right side is the start.
