I would rate myself a 6.5 out of 10 because I could have done more like ask more questions on a section in the book I didn't quite understand. I could have asked about the practice problems when I didn't do one of the steps right or had code in the wrong place and get a second person to look over it. Moving forward for the next class I am going to try to ask more questions if I'm stuck and try to ask other students or the instructor if I'm having truble with a certain code.

The difference between objects and arrays are, objects are used to refer to something in your code like a person or a thing that can be described with specific characteristics. These characteristics have a key and a value in the code. Objects use curly brackets when describing things and are indented so it can be read more easily when people are looking at your code. An array is used to create a list that has multiple items. When making a list you need to put square brackets on both sides of the list and separate them using commas every time you write a value.

The author chose to use arrays instead of using objects because he had a list of things he did every day. He listed things like going to work, touching a tree, eating pizza and running, that's why he didn't use objects because objects are not used for creating a list. I could have used objects to describe the person or have their name in the game. I could have described the place they were in. I could have used arrays to give the player a choice to use certain weapons or give a player a task to do before going to another place.
