I feel like the program is a little bit fast for me. I am learning a lot of new information which I haven't seen before. There is also a lot of reading involved. I am not the best reader so it takes me longer to read and comprehend. Sometimes when I'm not done with a practice problem and then other practice problems are assigned, I feel slightly overwhelmed. I also feel anxious when there is a lot of things due on the same day and then we go to learn a new chapter. 

Functions are a useful tool because they make the code easier to follow, read and understand. It also makes it easier to correct or change the code. When you are coding and your program is getting large you will need functions so you can write other code to call the function you want to work on.

there are two different types of scopes global and local. Scopes are a part of your code that has access to a variable or binding. Global scopes are a part of a program that refers to bindings when they are outside of the function. Basically the global scope is the whole program than you can change anywhere in your code. If bindings are not used in a function then those bindings are visibal and can be read or changed all over the global scope. Global scope example `let x = 2; if(true){ let y = 9; console.log(2 + 9); } console.log(x);`. The number two can be seen in the first and second console.log because it is not referred to in the function. Local scopes can only be seen in the function because that's the only place that it's referred to.They cannot be seen in the entire program, only in the function they are used. Local scopes have to be specifically assigned and can only be read or changed within that block. Local scope example `let y = 9; if(true) { let x = 12; console.log(9 * 12); } console.log(y);`. X is referred to in the function so it can't be seen in the second console.log.
