Write your answers to the first week's assessment in this file. If you want to add [Markdown formatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), double check it in the Preview tab before submitting.

The most important thing I've learned this week was the concept of values, types and operators because you need to learn about these things to be able to start programming. A value is a number, a single character or string of characters used by a program to get the output you want. Values perform calculations and store data. Data types specify the type of operation that can be applied. Data types can be integers, strings, character, float and boolean. Operators tell the computer to perform a specific math function. It is important to grasp these beginner concepts because they are the backbone of any programming language. 

Different programs use different languages to get the output they want. Low-level languages use the least amount of abstraction and are read by machines more easily but are not close to human language. Low-level languages include assembly and machine code. High-level languages use the most abstraction and are closer to the human language which makes them easier to read. Abstraction is when you take out any unnecessary data that is not needed. It makes more sense and only contains the relevant information needed. Examples of high-level languages are Java and Python. Low-level languages are eaiyer for the computer to read and operate faster. High-level languages are easier for people to read but may take the computer to process.

The pro of javascript being flexible is that it leaves room for techniques that are impossible for other languages. The con of it being so flexible is that it will accept anything you put in even if it's incorrect. So the output will be completely different than what you want. Also because it doesn't tell you when something is incorrect, it's harder to find your error. It helps because you can see how your code looks on web pages. It gets in the way because it gives you a lot of options for a simple task. 
